Turn of the `.size` directive emitted by spimdisasm for IDO projects (#254)
ethteck/splat: CHANGELOG.md

# splat Release Notes

### 0.15.3

> * Turn of `asm_emit_size_directive` by default for IDO projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Turned off (or maybe just "disabled") `asm_emit_size_directive` by default for IDO projects.
```
